Documentation for array (#291)
man-group/sparrow: docs/source/array.md

std::visit([](const auto& arr)
{
    std::for_each(arr.begin(), ar.end(), [](const auto& val)
    {
        // Do whatever you need here
        // Keep in min val can be a primitive type,
        // a string, or even a nested array.
    });
}, ar);
```

Conversion to Arrow C data
--------------------------

sparrow provides free functions to either read data from sparrow arrays as
[Arrow C data](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/format/CDataInterface.html#structure-definitions),
or to extract them.

### Checking ownership

| Method                   | Description                                   |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| owns_arrow_array         | Checks for internal Arrow Array ownership     |
| owns_arrow_schema        | Checks for internal Arrow Schema ownership    |

Example:
```cpp
#include "sparrow/sparrow.hpp"
namespace sp = sparrow;

sp::primitive_array<int> pa = { 1, 2, 3, 4};
sp::array ar(std::move(pa));
std::cout << owns_arrow_array(ar) << std::endl;
std::cout << owns_arrow_schema(ar) << std::endl;
```

### Reading

These methods return pointers to the internal Arrow structures. One must NOT call the

> `release` method od these structures after use. The array will release them upon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`release` method on these structures after use. The sparrow array object will release them upon
```
